The Zoo is the place that animals, birds, and insects of all kinds live. The people working in the Zoo provide the animals with food and medical help. A zoo functions according to the regulations laid down by the government of the country. Another purpose of having a zoo is that it is a place where the species can grow. It's a breeding ground for the inhabitants of the zoos. Hence, it protects its species. The Zoo is one of how humans can come closer to the animals. Humans have a closer and better view of the inhabitants of the zoos. Another way zoos helped humans was that it gave the scientists a way to research various things like the behavioral pattern of the animals. It is a chance for humans to understand and discover new things about the animals which live in the Zoo. All kids love animals and want to see them live. Zoos are something that fulfills this wish of theirs. Children can see the animals in front of them and learn more about all the animals. It's the perfect chance for kids to learn about wildlife and increases their knowledge. Humans get a chance to see rare animals which they wouldn't be able to see anywhere else. If zoos didn't exist, man wouldn't be able to see what certain rare species of animals look like at all. While seeing the rare animals, you can learn many things about them. You can learn their origin and which is the best place for them to live. Another thing you learn is why these animals are extinct and how these species are being protected. Zoos are the perfect place for animals to increase their species. The Zoos serve as a breeding ground for the inhabitants of the Zoo. Breeding grounds helps the species so that they never go extinct. It creates the right balance for the animal. The zoos provide animals with proper nutrition and healthy life. They do this by providing meals for the animals regularly, which gives them strength and nourishment. It is very beneficial because, in the wild, they wouldn't get a guaranteed meal. There are many advantages to zoos. However, there are many disadvantages to zoos. One of the most significant downsides of zoos is that it's not the natural habitat of the animals. Like humans have the chance to live in the natural habitat, animals should get the opportunity to live in their habitat. Animals shouldn't be put in cages for the entertainment of humans. A man moves these animals from their natural habitat. It's all done so that humans can get a look at the animals. A zoo is a place where people keep animals and make a profit out of them. Conditions of the zoos are not right. The authority which is in charge of the Zoo uses unethical ways to generate revenues. Zoos are not the place to take care of exotic animals. All animals need to live in a climate that suits them.